now I may have at least one of course we
can go and I sold three today so that
the goddamn I gotta start somewhere
right and actually days then a
particular I think tomorrow will be
better than today this is my prediction
I'm putting it everywhere I think it's
all people know that as you to me is on
sale yet known you know me people don't
know is I gotta say my Black Friday
sales aren't exactly rocking my world at
this point so you have to have to like
it's like when people are searching you
to me to solve their particular problems
they may go and buy two or three or four
courses so there's a volume increase but
unfortunately they're gonna still follow
the same path of searching or browsing
it was more browsing sales today but you
still have to be found in search and you
still have to be bound to a browse so
that's unfortunately the patterns of
searching and buying are going to be
similar to what they were before Black
Friday directly alright jamie is gonna
gives you a chance to ask another
question when this thing as a little
Banerjee so my question is i've noticed
that now since I've been on you to me
and searching unique courses when I go
to Google and look up something I'm
getting you to meet course searches at
the top of my list so what are your
what's your experience and tips and
tricks for not just SEO for you to me
but also for ranking on Google is it
isn't the same thing like a fun making
course titles and stuff I need to be
aware of Google need to worry about it
or need to do anything different than
that great question
so first of all Google search and you
let me search our difference and the
things that you need to have to google
are going to be different things that
you need to be have at the top of you
I'll say like this you tammy has perfect
information you to me knows how many
sales people get per day right you know
me knows that when they show of course
people don't buy it and so they'll show
a different course next time and the
conversion rates and all these things
are you to me has like the data Google
Google Google just has clicks you know
like quicksand links backlinks so the
other thing to know to his Google
personalizes the results and so I don't
know if you're searching google and you
see course your course at the top of you
at the search that may just be good for
saying well eclipse on you a lot let's
give them some are you to me links so
Google has a little flag a little icon
that you can switch between personalized
results and the generic results so I
would say also whenever you're doing
Google research turn off the
personalized results and go to worldwide
there's a globe iconic because the non
personalised so that's the first thing
the second thing is i mean Google's
gonna care about back links right we are
in a Eurocontrol you know me so you
don't have the domain authority they do
know that how many links there are two
if they do you know what's in store
ratings and things are there is
information Google has Google gonna be
more natural language so if people
search how do I learn can vote while
they're going to say okay must be how do
I learn must be a course and got that
intelligence to the keyword base so yeah
there isn't there is a slight difference
he said for the problem is you mean is
not your domain is not our demean
Sean was here he would say why would you
ever spend money trying to build up you
to Me's
SEO for their business right cuz there
someone gonna come to your course and
they're going to be offered three
different courses you might also like
it's not your like so you might be
better off
worrying about how your own site ranks
how your own home and then funnel people
get that kind of a CEO so those are
conflicting things I know but but yeah
you know but if you do wanna go down
that road I would start linking to your
own course on your own website trying to
get those links to the web comments on
core Decorah kawanzaa twitter has now
Google's indexing Twitter so getting
those links out there will build that
backlink authority the traditionalist
CEO way and I'm not a super Google SEO
by any means but that's the way you do
is you get your links that and I had one
more quick question for you and you
think well we'll wrap up after this
cause I have to talk about this a little
bit earlier regarding titles but I can
you talk more about percentages of
keywords to your title is it better to
have WordPress course versus how to use
WordPress because there's a less
percentage and the latter versus the
first one and then you know things
jeremy has been an awesome participants
so yeah the percentage of thing now
there's a concept of keyword density in
Union EU to me actually room warrants
keyword density unlike Google Google
would look at that as being keyword
stuffing but you know me does reward and
cities so
you know if if you're doing a course on
Wordpress in terms of keyword density
the best title you could have is
WordPress one word one keyword hundred
percent density and so maybe the second
best is WordPress WordPress now that's
on a very good title and that go
WordPress WordPress what's that
so you gotta be careful there's a
there's a fine line but that's what I
said earlier if you're struggling in in
search you do want to shorten the number
of words in your title you don't want
anything touching your keyword so don't
put WordPress in brackets do not have a
high fin connecting the word WordPress
with the word coerce with no space like
your keyword has to stand on its own
very simplistic and so if you're
struggling you want to get a shorter
title I don't like the word how to win a
title because they're on you know me
searching for a course of course it's a
how-to like it's it's it's unnecessary
so it's almost better to see like
something like installing Wordpress or
WordPress advanced techniques or
something like that word you don't need
to put course you don't need to put how
to that's those are unnecessary words
and you're just diluting your keyword
Mark said earlier that they ignore and
or how I don't i don't i don't think
they do but I don't have that evidence
that they don't think they literally
count each word and how to something
something course is for extra words what
ya never know because if you remove it
and you improve or you don't change what
does it mean
market go ahead and do I gotta go get my
wife to her class so great with thanks
for spending some time with us here this
afternoon
got appreciate you willing to be hearing
and impart your wisdom just let people
know again that you can catch the replay
appear here the got his got some
discounts I courses including a few
there so I thank you all for coming in
washington being on the show I hope you
enjoy it and we'll call it a wrap
yeah yeah thanks everyone I do weddings
and bar mitzvahs as well if you need to
talk to me as CEO at your private
function hit me up